    1. Intro and motivation: I’m sure you’ve been approached by other agencies, so why did you choose to book a call with me today?
    1. Padi@Bussorah serves authentic Malay cuisine at wallet-friendly prices. hello@padibussorah.com.
    2. Opened in May 2015, so been operating for 10 years by the first generation family.
    3. Serves food and does catering for corporate events and weddings. Has Iftar and Raya seasonal menus.
    4. Nasi Ambeng is the most popular dish they have.
    5. Reached out to TNA because want to support local businesses and for affordable web services.
2. Goal: What is the ideal result for your business by the end of this year?
    1. Rebrand to stand out against Malay FnB at Arab St. Boost brand awareness.
        1. Kampong vibes with floral patterns. Site must be done by Sep 1.
        2. Key pages/features:
            1. Home: Pop up ads for promotions. Locations (Sg, Nyc and London coming soon)
            2. Menu
            3. Gallery
                1. Pictures and videos of corporate events, weddings
            4. Our story
            5. Contact us
                1. career
            6. Catering page
    2. Get more reservations, serve more events, increase revenue + Tap into Chinese and foreign market. Wants quote on SEO monthly retained and food photography add-on.
    3. Promote:
        1. Menu and seasonal menus: Iftar, Hari Raya
        2. Wedding events (50–100 pax) and corporate events (20–50 pax)\
        3. Their history
3. Roadblock: What challenges are stopping you from achieving that ideal result?
    1. FnB industry has very high competition.  Opportunity: Padi is the only Malay foodplace in their lane.
    2. Price-sensitive Malay customers.
    3. Outdated website with no maintenance:
        1. Hard to read nav
        2. Needs latest updates on the business
    4. Inspiration: https://hjmaimunah.com/, https://www.orientalkopi.asia/
4. Alternatives: What have you tried before to achieve that ideal result?
    1. Engaged a different web agency that built a website with ordering feature. Broken with expensive maintenance fees, that were not raised in their proposal. (Value honesty)
    2. Currently uses: Quandoo for reservations, Oodle for ordering.
5. Consequence: Hypothetically, let’s say you don’t achieve that ideal result by the end of this quarter. What would your business lose?
    1. Lag behind competitors for being old-fashioned.
6. Budget: How much are you willing to invest in web design services right now?
    1. SGD 1000 - 2000